If you were the boss at your job, what incentive or perk would you offer your employees?
What one thing have you held onto for no good reason?
Who is the overrated band ever?
How are you most creative?
What should never be mixed with cereal?
What sauce goes well with anything?
What game are you great at?
If you had a pet monster, what would you name it?
What disturbing discovery would you hate to uncover?
What is the biggest advantage of being royalty?
How has you life changed since 9/11?
What is your favorite thing about begin in a foreign city?
Who do you like to get your news from?
What stock would you pick as a sure winner over the next two months?
Write down the name of any one player and wha you think is his/her ideal job?
What is your favorite kind of bagel?
What is one thing that always puts a smile on your face?
If you had a sandwich named after you, what would be the ingredients?
How should Sunday mornings be spent?
What is the biggest waste of time?
Who is one person you unfortunately come across frequently?
If you were to act on a whim right now, what would you do?
Who are the bravest people in the world?
What kitchen appliance is the least useful in your life?
Where are you most likely to be overcharged for something?
If you could say 'I love you' to one person not in the room, who would it be?
What is guaranteed to happen tomorrow?
What simple thing are you unable to do?
What do you wish your doctor would tell you?
If you could declare any one thing illegal what would you choose?
How do you know when you're having a bad day?
What is one thing men should never do?
What is one thing women should never do?
What is the next article of clothing you plan to buy?
If you were looking for a party, where would you find one?
What celebrity did you wrongly think was attractive?
What one thing do you associate with cruise ships?
What one thing that you do can you genuinely admit is not cool?
What personal attack would you take great offense to?
What reference book or website do you frequently use?
Who is in need of a 'fashion emergency'?
If you were an image consultant, what advice would you give yourself?
What one player could be included in the Guinness Book of World Records and for what wold they be included?
If you were to write a smooth love song, what would you title it?
What tow would an ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend use to describe you?
Given your current looks what area of modeling are you best suited for?
What event is proof that you have grown up?
What is the stupidest thing a public figure can do?
Who leads the happiest life in the world?
how many really great days do you have an average year?
If you were to get married tomorrow, how many people would you personally invite?
Aside from a tent and sleeping bag, what item is essential?
What would you like to stuff your face with right now?
What is the first thing you do when you sit down at a restaurant?
If you could be an expert on one style of dance, what would it be?
What two people would be completely useless in a roundtable discussion of politics?
What is the lamest form of entertainment?
What piece of exercise equipment would you benefit from most?
If you had a personalized license plate what would it say?
What word do you associate with the mafia?
Who is your favorite television lawyer?
What is one risk you are not willing to take?
If you wanted to be a real 'turn-off' on a first data, what would you do?
What would make you question a women's feminity?
What is the most terrible act of cruelty?
What one thing have you surprisingly never done before?
If you had to change a flat tire, how long would it take you?
Who can you not believe got a sitcom?
What is your most alluring quality?
What is the coolest attraction in Washington D.C.?
Who?
What?
When?
Where?
Why?
How?
What celebrity is way to crude?
What makes you sweat the most?
What do you think the current roller in this game has hidden in their past?
What slang term should not be included in our freedom of speech?
What expression do you normally have on your face?
What is the strangest method of transportation you have used?
If you could go on a long bike ride, where would you go?
What is the most useless piece of trivia you can think of?
What athlete excites you most?
What profession do you admire, but would never want to do?
What rule of manners when eating seems ridiculous?
What aspect of a court room rail always confuses you?
Who does not belong in today's pop culture?
Assuming you were single, why would somebody choose not to date you?
What aspect of the good old days would you like to see make a comeback in today's world?
What is your biggest regret in the last week?
When/where do you most often catch yourself flirting?
What is too evil for words? 
What is your favorite activity in a park?
What keeps you up at night?
What great thing happened to you today?
What is the best thing about your dad?
What did kids tease you most about growing up?
If you were a pirate, where is the first place you would sail to find your treasure?
if you were to match wits with someone, who wold likely beat you?
What is the most exciting thing you can imagine happening in your life?
What is your favorite Dr. Seuss book?
What celebrity's life savings probably resemble yours?
What would motivate you to live ith a tribe deep in the Amazon?
What is life's greatest mystery?
What do you never want to forget?
What would you enjoy losing?
If you could attend any awards show, which would you choose?
What are you thankful you are not doing right now?
What is your favorite kind of candy?
Who is the most famous person you have ever met?
If you could choose any one personas your dinner guest, who would you choose?
What do you consider your nicest feature?
What is your favorite dish at an Italian restaurant?
What would motivate you to run a marathon?
What would you do to make your city better?
What book should be banned based on its boring subject matter?
What is your favorite cliche?
What would you guess is your IQ?
What do you wish for?
What one word do you associate with reggae music?
What is something you do everyday?
If you could add one feature to your car what would you choose?
What is the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear the word police?
What is the most disturbing sound in the world?
What celebrity do your resemble most?
How could you make $1 million right now?
what is the most gruesome form of death?
Who is your favorite comedian?
What is the most expensive thing you have ever stolen?
If you were a hunting fanatic what animal would you hang from your wall?
What word describes your knowledge of the Internet?
What is your favorite pet name?
What do you consider the greatest threat to your personal stability?
If you were to add one room to your house what would it be?
What issue are you sick of hearing about?
What is one thing that should not be allowed on airplanes?
Who is one person you would consider giving $10,000?
What is the worst quality a person can have?
What is your biggest pet peeve when driving?
What is the first word that comes to your mind when you think of a coffee shop?
If your picture showed up on an American's Most Wanted list what crime would you have committed?
What sport should be in the Olympics?
What is your favorite type of cookie?
When is it hard to keep your mouth shut?
If you could change one event in the course of world history, what would it be?
What muscle would you flex if you wanted to intimidate somebody?
What luxury would you like to enjoy just once?
When was your most gratifying moment?
if you could change your mind about one thing you did today what would it be?
Who has no right to judge you?
What is the best thing about having children?
What one thing do you always forget you own?
If you were to have cosmetic surgery what part of your body would you want operated on?
What would you like your famous last word to be?
What is your favorite video game?
What always makes you a more confident person?
If you were on a desert island what two books would you want with you?
What two adjectives describe you best?
What is your favorite part of the human body?
What body part aches you the most right now?
If you were to name the home the home you are currently living in what would you name it?
What single group of people do you feel the most compassion for?
What is the most exotic food you have ever eaten?
When you do to th bathroom, approximately how many minutes do you spend on the toilet?
What do yo always find yourself complaining about?
What is your favorite stuffed animal?
When you are a passenger in a car what is the worst thing a driver can do?
What would be a strange phobia?
Who make the greatest thing in the world?
What is your favorite kind of chocolate bar?
What is the biggest inconvenience about the place you are currently living in?
If you could posses one super power what would it be?
What would you generally order at the food counter in a movie theater?
What is the last book you read?
What was your favorite mean when you were growing up?
If you could look up any word in the dictionary, what would you choose?
What commercial product would you refuse to endorse?
What is the best purchase you ever made?
What word best describes you interior design abilities?
What do you consider the most noble field of medicine?
What is the biggest advantage of being small?
What person have you always wondered whether or not they liked you?
If you were to give yourself a creative title for your personal business card, what would it say?
If you were put in a boxing ring knowing that you would defeat your opponent, who would you fight?
For what would you like to be known as the worlds greatest?
Who is your favorite super hero?
What one word best describes your religious beliefs?
If you started a new trend what would it be?
What is the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What is the most impressive thing you have ever built?
If you had to go on a diet which diet plan would you choose?
What bothers you most about the person to your left?
What bothers you most about the person to your right?
What bothers you most about your present occupation?
What is your favorite athletic activity?
What movie did you see recently that you could consider being one of the greatest movies of all time?
Of the people you are playing with who do you think snores the loudest?
What is the greatest conflict between the genders?
What would it take for you to trust someone you just met?